hi chef Nicole back here on CT bites
happy new year you know the weather's
getting colder all cooking more I have a
delicious recipe I'm going to say today
for turkey Asian pot stickers you can
even make these vegetarian by simply
leaving out the turkey meat so we're
going to start with a large nonstick pan
we've got two cubes of frozen ginger in
here you know how much I love those
frozen herbs and we're gonna put in some
turkey meat now a little they don't
really you don't need much of the
filling makeup mousse Hercules we have
to shred it terrace which is great you
know me I'm always trying to get extra
vegetables into my kids and then we are
some cold ones of course cut your own
cabbage but why bother by this stuff
this is great this is really where the
pull of the feeling comes in so of
course you're getting lots of vegetables
if I
remember in some bamboo shoots which are
also reserving a lots of fiber in which
is really nice solar system of those and
now on the process all of this little
Cuisinart some rice wine vinegar you
don't need much always keep your finger
over the top you doing delicious
language flavor sauces a lot of Chinese
cooking you know why I wasn't really
wing it it's a full tablespoon and a
little bit of soy sauce nobody likes
another top and it generally helps get a
finger over it and then our final thing
a little sweeter some people put sugar
on hold of the sweet and sour sauce
really gives a nice kind of a sweet
tangy flavor to the filling of this and
then are you going to do just let this
cook down seven minutes get the heat
going nice and high break this up as
much as you can we are going to process
this and the Cuisinart we're going to
cook this until it's completely cooked
through so it's been about six or seven
minutes and you can see our delicious
turkey pasta core filling is done you
want to make sure that most of liquid
has evaporated definitely do not want
wet and yucky on the inside of your
plastic are now what you want to do is
put these in the Cuisinart a food
processor you can really chop this by
hand if you don't have one but you want
to get the check they're pretty fine on
the inside and the other trick here you
just want to pulse this really quickly
so this is all in we're going to sort of
uncooked scallions or green onions throw
those in I'm
just actually found out that you can
freeze your leftover chops guys I'm
going to go do that today at home want
to make sure before you do your paw
stickers that you just piss the feeling
just finally cottage cheese three or
four pulses now look on the inside here
you see how it's chopped but not
completely machine you know charade now
this is going to come on film I'm going
to now show you how we're going to
actually make the pot stickers all right
these positives are all ready to be put
together this is actually a really great
thing to do with your kids on the
weekend just make sure you've got plenty
of time to do it now you can buy these
rappers one of two ways you can either
buy them as egg roll wrappers and they
come like right by your produce section
of your supermarket or you can fire them
as wonton wrappers and if you can't find
the wonton wrapper simply cut the egg
roll wrappers in half now this is
important room you some water I'm just
going to basically paint the edges with
your finger you can use a brush but of
course your hands are your best tools
and then all you do is you just fold it
over like this now here's the only
important part a don't fill it up too
much and be make sure these are really
pushed together well just like that
pretty easy to do my kids love to do
this because they can make all sorts of
funky shapes they make what they call
packages so we're going to do one more
they just so I can show you and the
other thing that's really great about
this feeling is you can also make egg
rolls which is really cool so we'll do
one more wanton all you do is put the
filling in the middle again you don't
need much and then you simply fold this
over like this and it makes almost
instant little pot stickers now egg
rolls almost the same thing you just
take a whole rapper like this now the
only trick is you want to put these sort
of at an angle and you can put a little
morn now this goes right in the middle
just like this and the way that I taught
my kids to remember how to do these was
I said you tuck the baby in and then you
roll them up and look at that you got
gorgeous really easy to make turkey egg
rolls and now we're going to fry them up
and we'll be ready to go
we have about three quarters of a cup of
hot vegetable or peanut oil do not want
to use olive oil it'll get it to fit
just cooking we're just gonna pan fry
these up remember these are the top too
badly because there's no water it's just
pretty dry and he's only takes about 30
seconds per side you see we've had this
one in about 30 second parts of gorgeous
and then all you need to do is make a
little dipping sauce over here which is
simply soy sauce rice wine vinegar and a
tiny pinch of sugars to cut India city
you can do a little bits of sesame seeds
on top for garnish that's a 10 inch
thick in our house so let's get
attorneys over and just serve them up
and if you want you can also kind of dry
these off on soil and we'll just serve
these up
these past occurs there gorgeous you
want to make sure your oils really hot
hot hot hot that way you don't just
stand the oil for too long and very
quickly before you play them up just let
them you know Pat them off on a paper
towel look at these egg rolls aren't
those yummy and then these are going to
go right onto here I like to put them a
little bit a bit of carrots or some
cabbage just add some color look at
those we have our beautiful dipping
sauce and this is a fabulous meal and
quite frankly a really fun thing to do
with your kids and there you have a
delicious Asian turkey pot stickers from
CT bites happy cooking